---
title:  Mike iLL 
date: 2001-03-09
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2001-03-09/ Mike iLL 
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: ;
  color: ;
}
a {
  color: ;
}
a:active {
  color: ;
}
a:visited {
  color: ;
}
</style>

   Mike iLL     



|  |
| --- |
| 25/April/One  |

  
  



|  |
| --- |
| 
Wow. Lots to write about. Insane acid and mushroom trips at my man's wedding (a gay jewish one) in Amsterdam. Almost jumped out the window, decided to quit playing music ('cause it sounds horrible), kill Eminem and make my little brother a star. Also decided that I'm gay (again).
Man, I took off all my clothes and screamed "I wanna love you but I can't". Feel much better for the experience.
Why waste this precious life tryina be famous or rich or anything. It's almost become a cliche but; Be Here Now. That's what I want. Fuck Mike iLL. Mike iLL is and idea. I thought I had a lot of ideas, but now I see that it's the ideas that have had me.
Love is the only...
Okay, stop. That's an idea too.

Here's a poem by the guy that ran for president and wanted to (if i remember correctly) abolish money and instead use trash for commerce.
From: "S. Sparrow" 

my new song

George

Someone is president
I don't think it's George
if he is president
why does he looks so bored

Someone else is president
someone who knows more

how to serve the smiling powers

The smiling powers, they decide
who will live
and whom they will divide

The smiling powers
they choose
what is vital
what is on the news

George, George
where do you go
in the middle of the day
when no one knows
where you are?

Are you
smelling a rose
in the garden
behind the White House?
[Soft Skull Press](http://www.softskull.com) baby. 
Props to Kevin Mooney and the [Hipnosis](http://www.hipnosis.com) crew.
From Washington, DC. |


  
  Breathing deep,  
 mike
   



|  |
| --- |
|  |

   
   
   
   

 

 

