---
title: x-x-x-x-x
date: 1999-01-23
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /1999/01/23/Mike iLL
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #ffffff;
  color: #000099;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>



Mike iLL








|  |
| --- |
| 1/23/99
 |






|  |
| --- |
|
History is written by the victors. I admit too much ignorance to be of any
political use, but as an artist I take the right to express my feelings:

Sex and voilence are taken from us by the rich (Ted Turner, Rupert Murdoch
...), and fed back through their own $$$$ channels.

Death is taken from us by killer religions/real estate brokers.

Music is stolen by corperations (Viacom???). Take great European bands like
[Can](http://www.czukay.de/) or [Deus](http://users.skynet.be/sky42663/deus/index.htm). If the market was not flooded with commercial (ie: doesn't
question the following beer commercial) music - these great artists would
naturally rise to the top, unfortunately the channels are controlled by
greedy white males and their insecure women.

Americans are so arrogant - we really think we're the best. We live on
borrowed time, eating off the backs of 90% of the earths population.

history will not be kind to us.

Our kids are strung out on sugar, teenagers on alcahol, our elderly die of
loneliness.

Spend a dime on censorship? how about some instruments in the school system?
How about teachers of Hip-Hop music and culture hired out of our many ghettos?

These are the new dark ages. Aim to realise the music of dreams. To hell
with current pop - most of it future landfill. CD's will be funny when our
kids grow up.

CyberPunk 'Snot Dead.
 |


 Love, Mike iLL





|  |
| --- |
|  |
