---
title: Mike iLL
date: 1999-02-08
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /1999/02/08/Mike iLL
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #FF66CC;
  color: Black;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>



Mike iLL








|  |
| --- |
| 2/8/99
 |

  
  



|  |
| --- |
| 

i hope my love is a blessing.
i'll snake through the phone lines
 + come to you.
your voice an elixer
 cooling the hot irons
 of my kidneys
your hands are
 electrical tree branches
coming to me like mother nature
 making my heart beat faster
skin long for more
 cock long to be hard in you
in your vagina
 your ass
 your mouth.
let us go beyond fear
 beyond our bodies
 lets dare to have it all
- the money the success
 the tenderness
let's admit everything
 to ourselves + each other
let us meet in dreams
+ and dance in ether
let us leave our flesh behind
 - use it to vault our true selves
 into inverse infinity
how many moments in a lifetime?
 haw many kisses in a night?
i don't wanna smother you, baby
 Rivka
i don't wanna loose you
 before i even know you
cause i can predict your reactions
 but i could know you
 know me
 + know us
 so much more
 + we'll nener know it all,
but it's up to us how much we can.
 i'm vibrating from the yoga class
 i hurt you missed it.
i'll support you
 whatever it takes -
cause the games of 
 rock + roll
 + hoeing
 + bullshit i already played
and i pray to god
 help me forget myself
help me be the easy knight
 + warrior
 who glorifies you with ever word
 + movement
and i'm so far from it.
 it's like TV / radio waves
 it's like light
 a path
 flowing through me 

in + out
 i'm in + out of it.
you're wise beyond your years.
 i make a lot of mistakes
 - don't ever forget that
 - neither should i
i'll see you soon.
and hold you
 + and kiss you
 + fuck you
 + do it again
 -someday till exhaustion
 i promise.
Stay strong
 help me
 help you
 help us
life is so fucking hard
 why is it so easy?
 |


 Trees, Mike iLL

  



|  |
| --- |
|  |


  

  

  

  







