---
title: x-x-x-x-x
date: 2000-04-24
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2000/04/24/Mike iLL
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #FFFFFF;
  color: #333300;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>
   Mike iLL



|  |
| --- |
| 04/24/00  |






|  |
| --- |
| I'm 37 years old, HIV positive with hepatitis C. Take 19 pills a day,
'a coctail' twice a day at meals. My grandmother stuck a gun in her mouth when I was nine. Dad used to
throw hammers at me, narrowly missing so as not to encur hospital bills. Mom was addicted to speed when she carried me.
Grew up in a poor neighborhood in the New Orleans area; Gypsie and American Indian roots, mixed with
Irish. I was fucking all the boys in the neighborhood by third grade. Really liked it. My friends dad raped me.
At 18 a woman helped me become a painter. I paint for myself. Sell pieces sometimes. I love to teach, work with
ghetto kids. In these projects here, there were eight homicides last year alone. (There isn't a front door on
a single building, and 50% of the windows are boarded up.) They were supposed to be a place for people to
stay temporarilly 'till they got back on their feet. They couldn't get out.
I might make 40.

---


I hate this place. So nice to meet a fellow yankee. This is a good place to live if your broke. I'm so fuckin' sad.
I don't know what I want. I like poetry, music and art. I'm only good at one thing, and I can't tell you what that is.
I suck guys dicks. No, not for money, I just like it. All different guys. All my friends know it, and it makes me feel so
bad. I suck their dick and they cum and then they leave and I feel so empty. I know; it's (pause) different.
I don't know what to do. My boyfriend left me. Do you know how hard it is to find somebody you really like?
I hate this place.


---


I can projectile orgasm ten times in a row. Do it at parties for kicks and dough. Strangers lick my pussy and I love it.
Love the attention. Sometimes they even know what they're doing.


---


What a great country.
New Orleans, Shreveport, Dallas, Houston... Went to a casino in Houston with a couple of restaurant workers
and watched them blow their days earnings. Place was full of miserable fiends. Drink for free. Pay later.
I pissed two bucks into the mouth of slot machines. Pulling a lever is fun?
These cool punk rockers live there with their band The Picts. He studies philosophy and she goes to school as well.
They have $40.00 in the bank. The drummer fucks every girl who asks. Got a big heart.

---


Soy Mexicano. Vivo en Houston y gusto mi vino. I hang in the parking lot with my red-faced friends. Barely
speak a lick of english. Me llamo Jesus. Write that down.
  Smile, Mike iLL |





|  |
| --- |
|  |
