---
title: Mike iLL
date: 2001-03-10
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2001/03/10/Mike iLL
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #FFFFFF;
  color: #003300;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>

   Mike iLL     



|  |
| --- |
| 1/June/One  |

  
  



|  |
| --- |
| 
Yea, it has been a long time. I ain't got shit to say either. My girl Dana Cerick from DC via Nashville performs up this way next week. Monday at Continental 8:30, Wednesday at CBGBs MIDNITE.
She's really cool and her music real good too. Last time I was in Nashville; played a great/packed variety show and met a ton of cool people, including Lucinda Williams (roots music diva). I told her my man Boo Reiners from Demolition String Band taught me about her. Said something about country music and she's like, "I don't play country". I was like, "I don't mean what's on the radio today as 'country music'". She was real cool and down to earth.
Told me Lou Reed died and we were all bummed out. Day or two later I heard an confirmed that it was a hoax. Interesting. How about Joey Ramone? Anybody die today?
Play me a song not meant to make me feel small. The good folks in Nashville quoted Bono (of U2), "A red guitar, three chords and the truth". Nice.
How about Beck's, "Give the finger to the rock 'n' roll singer, as he dances upon your pay check".
Dreampt the other morning of a tiny down and out style gospel church on Madison Ave. in Ney York where me and this rich gir smoked pot with the pastor who turned into a James Brown alien with a big green forhead.
We seek the point of it all and wonder why we get stuck. Life is like a sword, seek the handle instead of the point. Oh, I don't know. How 'bout this great AA saying; The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and thinking it'll produce different results. Courtesy of Andy Action.
Last night I was really super-happy with Poor Old Souls recordings.
Hell minus desire equals what?
Kudos to my man in Montgomery, AL (where Hank died) who digs up the past and gives flesh to skeletons like me.
I wanna give you all tears 'till my heart turns to wet clay.
Can we die in a cave instead of hospital?
Good goddess save us from the George Bush within. These are scary times. Very scary. It's an easy time to be an outlaw. Less and less to lose hourly.
How dare a full grown man fly a freak flag without a million-dollar pay check?
[Love dot com](http://www.love.com). |


  
  Dark rainbows,  
 mike
   



|  |
| --- |
|  |

   
   
   
   

 

 

