---
title: x-x-x-x-x
date: 2001-03-07
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2001/03/07/Mike iLL
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #006600;
  color: #FFFFCC;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>

   Mike iLL



|  |
| --- |
| 24/March/One  |






|  |
| --- |
|
You breath your lovers taste buds, recognize your own reflection in its BA
BLABL BLABLABLABLA motherfucker. BLA!

"Love is the ultimate outlaw", she says.

You know that princess from Tom Robbins' \*Skinny Legs and All\* who falls
in love with the bomber?
Our man Hamell on Trial has a new CD out. Live from his tour with Ani
DeFranco. ["Live.

Raw. Uncensored."](http://www.hamellontrial.com). It's dope. Drrrrrrrrrrrrrrope.

I'm all about booking a spring tour for Poor Old Souls. Hope my boys are
down to do a little starving. Shit is mad hectic. Callin' these places;
back and forth, back and forth, "Hold these dates, get back to you."
Gotta call these other spots. Convince strangers to open their doors to
three fans and a freaky performance. Call the press, call the radio. Phone
bills unpaid two months already. Just let me get through this tour. Fan
mail doesn't pay the rent.

Booking Agent
Rock Star
[Hustler](http://www.speedballbaby.com)
Porn Star
Boyfriend
Addict
Web Designer
Publicist
Yogi
Friend
Asshole
Manic
Depressive
Selfish
Rebel
Reader
Driver
Counselor
Teacher
Dealer
Cook
Salesman...

And from the looks of things Bank Robber is gonna be next on the list.

Why's it so fuckin' hard to ...

Oh wait.

If it was easy, everyone would do it.

Oh yea.

Dear Goddess,
Why am I so lucky? |



  Sorry-ass-mid-class-grateful-as-a-peace-of-yes,
 mike




|  |
| --- |
|  |
