---
title: x-x-x-x-x. Adult Anime.

date: 2004-12-27
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2004/12/27/x
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #ff6699;
  color: black;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>


 Mike iLL - Diary of an iLL Boy. Adult Anime.


<!-
google\_ad\_client = "pub-7092652543555559";
google\_alternate\_ad\_url = "http://www.obliteration.com/O\_site/thought/";
google\_ad\_width = 120;
google\_ad\_height = 600;
google\_ad\_format = "120x600\_as";
google\_ad\_channel ="";
google\_ad\_type = "text";
google\_color\_border = ["F9DFF9","DFF2FD","B0E0E6"];
google\_color\_bg = ["F9DFF9","DFF2FD","FFFFFF"];
google\_color\_link = ["0000CC","0000CC","000000"];
google\_color\_url = ["008000","008000","336699"];
google\_color\_text = ["000000","000000","333333"];
//-->


TwentySeven/December/Four


|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|

|  |
| --- |
| War and Peace was wordy 'cause the author was paid by the word. The contemporary author
 will use "key words" over and over in the text to pull visitors in through the tangled, gnarly
 web of information.

Hip to [Adult Anime](http://www.eroticanime.com)? Explicit sex from
 the asians. Japaneese erotic art has been popular with westerners for a long time. At some point in
 the last twenty years or so, the ultra-Arian anime look developed; Gigantic, round eyes, tiny lips and
 a pointy, ski slope, Barbie doll nose.

The [Adult Anime](http://www.hentaiplayground.com) work adds
 gigantic tits and cocks and is ripe with whips and chains and rapes and children. All the colorful
 things that lonely, overweight, unhealthy artists color their fantasies, and bring their inhibited
 selves to the point of orgasm with.

The characters who populate these adult anime stories are sexually arousing on paper, but if they
 were to be seen in the flesh, they would probably appear as hideous beasts; gigantic heads with
 lipless mouths and a solid wall of bone in place of teeth, bulbous eyes, sticking out the sides of
 their heads, which are shaped like upside-down triangles, chins smalled than their lipless mouths, no
 ears and noses sloped to the point of being nearly inverted.

Somebody get the KY.

adult anime obsessed?.
[Mike iLL](mailto:mike@obliteration.com)

 |

 |
 |





|  |
| --- |
|   |
