---
title: Mike iLL - Diary of an iLL Boy. New Orleans Mardi Gras Bacchus and Dionysis funk minus the church.
date: 2005-02-17
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2005/02/17/Mike iLL - Diary of an iLL Boy. New Orleans Mardi Gras Bacchus and Dionysis funk minus the church.
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description: No Description
og_keywords: No Keywords
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: red;
  color: black;
}
a {
  color: blue;
}
a:active {
  color: blue;
}
a:visited {
  color: blue;
}
</style>

   Mike iLL - Diary of an iLL Boy. New Orleans Mardi Gras Bacchus and Dionysis funk minus the church.  
<!--
google\_ad\_client = "pub-7092652543555559";
google\_alternate\_ad\_url = "http://www.obliteration.com/O\_site/thought/Mikeb/click.htm";
google\_ad\_width = 120;
google\_ad\_height = 600;
google\_ad\_format = "120x600\_as";
google\_ad\_channel ="";
google\_ad\_type = "text";
google\_color\_border = ["F9DFF9","DFF2FD","B0E0E6"];
google\_color\_bg = ["F9DFF9","DFF2FD","FFFFFF"];
google\_color\_link = ["0000CC","0000CC","000000"];
google\_color\_url = ["008000","008000","336699"];
google\_color\_text = ["000000","000000","333333"];
//-->
 

Seventeen/February/Five


|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

|  |
| --- |
| Saw film about the "security fence" Israel is building; often 26 feet high, geographically dividing Palestinian families and cutting farmers off from their land.
An Israeli girl who was there handed us some literature from the Israel Information Center which actually refutes any comparison between the state of Isreal and the Nazi's. Pretty fuckin' scary that the government over there *HAS* to refute comparisons to the Nazi's in it's basic literature.
Ghandi said, of the conduct of the Jews in Palistine in 1938 that, "Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same way as England to the English or France to the French...What is going on in Palistine today cannot be justified by any moral code of conduct."
Einstein said, "I much rather see reasonable aggreement with the Arabs on the basis of living together in Peace than the creation of a Jewish State."
Fuckin' Zionists were more concerned with repatriating the Jerusalem of the Bible than saving European Jews during the Holacaust and actually worked to *prevent* other countries from providing refuge for Jews.
Israel controls most of the Palestinians water and make a habit of destroying irregation wells used by Palestinean farmers.
Here's a [fun list](http://www.pnic.gov.ps/arabic/quds/eng/martyrs/martyrs40.html). Check [this one](http://www.pnic.gov.ps/arabic/quds/eng/martyrs/martyrs.html) out if that wasn't enough.
 Hate to take sides on this issue but fuckin' come on!
Supposedly all these right wing religious zealots who make up some 40% of American voters think that the sooner Isreal/Jerusalem is ALL Jews the sooner their damn Christ will come again and take them all up to heaven.
Instead of worrying about the second coming of Christ, why don't you concentrate on your wife's first coming, fucker.
Our Aunt's fool husband went and had ANOTHER affair and ruined their marriage. Nice one, a\*\*hole. My guess is, it's YOU, who's the problem.

4 Hugs a day.
[Mike iLL](mailto:mike@obliteration.com)

 |

 | 
 |

   


|  |
| --- |
|   |

   
   
   
   
  

