---
title: x-x-x-x-x
date: 2024-05-19
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/05/19/x
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #838383;
  color: #232323;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

You will come. You will be coming. You will have been coming. You will have come.

Come. This is imperative.

Computer languages have grammar too.

You can make your own. A DIY grammar parser.

It's as recondite as it is abstruse.

Grammar is made of symbols. They may reference each other until you reach one which is terminal.

A token is always terminal.

Then you can make statements containing tokens and items that can fit within a defined symbol.

Some of the statements are expressions, which means they produce a value.

Two times two produces a value. The numeral two might produce a value in your grammar.

You read the statements and parse them into a structure referred to as an abstract syntax tree, which looks like this thing is a this and within this thing is a this which holds this and this and this last thing which is something you can do with this and this, for example combining or dividing them. This becomes th and is or perhaps this and this becoming thisthis or sihtsiht or even this shit.

If this is not over your head, you are probably embarrassed for me, 'cause it's still over mine and probably not quite or perhaps not nearly accurate.

There are computer languages that can read forward and then in reverse, which undoes everything that happened on the forward steps. Mind fuck. Like it starts in the middle of the code and goes up and down and left and right in loops. WTF.

Someone flushed the toilet. It is late. Writing so the thoughts will stop pestering. You know the drill.

We are mixing the album and Rikki's inpired to fuck with all kinds of vocal effects. Distortion. Megaphone. It makes it sound more desperate, they were saying. Actually what they said was that it solves the problem when it hadn't been sounding desperate enough.

Thank you very much for reading. Gnidaer rof hcum yrev uoy knaht.

Night dooG.
