---
title: black
date: 2024-12-26
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/12/26/black
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #181836;
  color: #ddf;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Ashirah wanted a peel off mask. So they got one. A black gluey liquid that comes out of a tube and applied with a spatula dries to an apparently agressive rubbery substance that pulls toxins out of the pores.

Ashirah didn't put it on thick enough in some places and it was grueling to get all of it off.

A few weeks ago there was a woman on line behind me at the pharmacy who looked tired of leaning on her shopping cart so let her go first. Heard her birthday and while she waited for the technician made an astrological comment.

Boo-wan in nine teen foo-ah-dee two. I'm aye-dee two yeahz old. Lost de keys teh my scootah. I awl-wayz keep 'em on hee-yah (indicating a carabiner at her waist).

She wore sweatpants with bulk underneath. Depends, right? Buying a couple of six packs of a protein drink.

De wheeeel broke oh-wuf my woo-ah-kuh dis moo-wah-nin aftah I went ta woo-ahl-maht.

Love the NY accent.

I wuz on my way da duh bus stop, smow-kin' my joo-eent to go ta my dahk-tuh's app-ooh-eent-ment. Now I got a Ubuh dry-vuh way'in ah-oat soy-eed.

That's an option for life at eighty-two.

Weird persistent neck pain. Hard swollen gland. Saw Doctor White the other week and she says nothing to worry about, but... well, then what _is_ going on? At what point is it time to check again?

Indulging in some death ponderance. Wearing a black mask.

And a new skirt. A Christmas gift. We had our least poor year in a long long time. Perhaps ever with the children though at very young ages they were unaware.

Skirt wearing as a defense against the contemporary male identity.

Hip-hop is reggae is jazz is house is techno is a defense against the white identity.

Identity is myth.

Go with a magical one at least.

Thelonious Monk lived with The Baronness about a half mile north of Hoboken.

In a house full of cats.

Overlooking the Hudson River and Empire State Building.

–VRiLL
