---
title: bettys
date: 2024-11-17
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/11/17/bettys
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #007722;
  color: #000;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Used to be called Chizuko. The same sex couple who ran it split up and it closed.

One of them, Daisy, has now opened Betty's in the same space in the historic Black business district Belmont-DeviLLiers and we got to perform there on their second night. Good sounding room. Sound set-up begs some refining. Energy is fantastic. Daisy is magical.

Mike Kimberl's band Pauper's Grave played they now have Melody Davis singing with them who aside from pissing us off with ousting Madeline from their rap act a number of years ago has been a positive creative force. DJ Hale is getting better and better behind the wheels of steel.

Returned home feeling inadequate and frustrated. A feeling which continued into the morning which began early for the church gig. Technical issues. No monitors. An issue with the keyboard amp. Unsure about my current instrument which is a five ocatave Nord keyboard, the fender rhodes sound seeming the be the one that works for us. People seemed to like it but the potential is still only momentarily touched on.

It is not a lot to ask to be able to play a gig or two a week, but it is a lot to ask to play a gig or two of your own music a week within the same few mile radius.

Listened to Sergio Mendez after Kimberl compared us to him. Favorite song was Mas Que Nada which is a Jorge Ben tune. So good.

PSI Media up by Atlanta turned the Promise CDs around in record time just in time for the event. Thank you, PSI!

Hoping the new transmission for the Toyota arrives soon so we can get this rental car business out of the way and paid off.

Financial planning for unstable earnings and undisciplined buyers. We keep saying we're gonna sit down and plan for the month. Then we say it again.

Going to send off the first email newsletter in years this week hopefully and on Thursday having a listening party at the 309 Punk House.
