---
title: Forget It
date: 2024-08-18
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/08/18/forget-it
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #abc;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Tripped to Jersey for christening of Dan and Dania's daughter, Lily. Spent seven days driving and commuting around between Queens, Hacketstown areas and Philly. Family.

Eli is excited to get something off his chest. His boyfriend is delightful. Jasper. Sonja loving having emerged from their marriage. Winning street bike races and slowly moving toward becoming a tattoo artist.

Stepped foot in the semi-affordable blight of Camden. Pondered the feasibility and desirability of returning north.

Spent some time in mom's new spot: the memory care unit.

How do I get a job here? I need a job, Nancy inquired at the nurse's station. Told her she's hired. What do I do? Smile. Where? Everywhere. When do I start? Right now. What time in the morning? Tentatively suggested nine with a look to the nurse who concurred. Nine to five. What do I wear, business casual? Perfect.

The next day she asked if we'd met. Actually her response to Hi Nancy was, do I know you?

Manhattan is so expensive it's hard to imagine anyone can afford it. We've lost track of the meaning of a dollar.

Walked around with eighty bucks cash and barely two hundred in the bank. Total financial insecurity. Stubbornly continue forward in art aspirations and freelance hustling. Miracle to miracle. Irrational. Irresponsible. Immature.

Health, though, we continue to invest in. Time anyway. Someone accused me of being in my thirties.

Genocidal endeavors continue in Gaza. Heart fucking breaking. It's been around a hundred degrees here for weeks. And humid. We run AC now. Thanks, Habitat. Eighty-five, eighty-seven. Comfortable at least with little or no clothes.

There was an "unopinionated" presentation on Isreal/Gaza, Zionism and Antisemitism at UU today. Rikki walked out within minutes and listened in tears from the lobby. This Indian guy got up during QA and stated that if the Isreali's lose one time, the Arabs will eradicate all Jews from the region. In from the lobby blurts an uncontrollable, "Liar!"

That bitch is badass. Trouble, troubled and bad fucking ass.

Wondering if it's possible to earn a disassociates degree in lost in thought.

–Mike iLL DLT
