---
title: probably
date: 2024-06-06
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/06/06/probably
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #403;
  color: #aa0;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
code {
  background: #444;
  padding: 0.1em;
}
</style>

A few entries ago it suggests probably noone will ever read this, but I just did.

In a dream last night someone assured me, people read your diary.

Honey, Robin, Gus you have mentioned over the years that every once in a while you spend some time here.

Jenny used to follow decades ago.

Many loved souls pop into mind. Rivka avowedly does not. Sister Tracey you rock, homie. Sorry 'bout where your man is floundering these days.

It wouldn't be surprising if the most attention any of this work gets is at my funeral, which means the sooner that occurs the more of you will live to participate in it.

It is still possibile in my mind that the work is significant. The dream pieces the musical ones are kind of fantastic. Thank you doG.

I scrub my face on the ground. I scribe my farce in the grounds.

There are sweat and mosquitoe bites at midnight. Ashirah turned twelve twenty minutes ago, as the Roman calendar goes.

Why the fuck are we still using miles, feet and inches? Seriously. And fucking daylight savings time.

This background color is `#403` and the text is `#aa0`. Dig `#aa0` is the opposite of blue, which is what we call yellow. The human eye has physical receptors, Chris says, for R, G and B. When the two R and G are saturated in the same or similar degree by a photon or set of photons and the third B not or barely, the brain does something we have named yellow. In a color theory book that's around here somewhere, the german author explains that colors do not exist in isolation, but in relation. Chris was explaining the anatomical function of this phenominon. Old students pursuing our chosen areas of ignorance.

–siLLy stRing
