---
title: beowulf
date: 2024-07-20
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/07/20/beowulf
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #111122;
  color: #b99;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Back in the nineties you could smoke in bars in nyc.

There was a sprawling basement in the lower east side. Middle of the block on the north side of one of the avenues. A? B? Is there even a First Avenue down there? I can't remember. There's Sixth avenue which is like a river splitting off the West Side. I think maybe Lexington Avenue is what would be Forth. Fifth Avenue that far south is the tail end of the famous Fifth Avenue shopping or fashion district up in Midtown or perhaps further up. Broadway cuts through on a diagonal. There's a Second Avenue. There is the Bowery which my be related to Third or what would be Third. It is concerning that I can't remember. Trauma?

The club was called Beowulf and Sweet Lizard Illtet played there a bunch. The ventilation was non-existent. Your eyes would sting. Your lungs would ache. Don't know if we yet cared how our clothing must have smelled at the end of it. Emilio fucked up his knee jumping off the stage there. Gus Henningberg, our lovely and troublesome at-times-manager got him with a rock star knee doctor who probably did the best anyone could.

One night after the show Tia Palmisano who had yet to evolve into Tia Sprocket came up and was begging me for twenty bucks for dope. I wouldn't give it to her. I sucked. Told her I couldn't bare to contribute to such a shitty practice or something of the sort. Not that I would always give a junkie money for a fix when they're sick, but that one was a bad call. Being dope sick when you aren't intending to isn't going to help.

We've spoken once or twice over the years since then. It's been nearly seven since she left the planet. Went flying. Transitioned. Left a mark. May have even apologized for it. She probably didn't remember it. She was upbeat and excited about new songs. Playing guitar.

Did we talk? Did we talk on the phone? When was that? At one point our friend Nick Flood who is a magical irish cat who manifests and shares wealth of various sorts wanted us to collaborate.
