---
title: x-x-x
date: 2024-05-16
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/05/16/x-x-x
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #abc;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

State of Florida has made laws against educating young people about gender and sexuality as well as critical race theory.

It is disturbing. Our governor is a pig.

We are interested in Camden, New Jersey. The most dangerous city in the country. Probably has more empty lots than buildings and half of those are abandoned.

However you can buy a house blocks from the waterfront for what our budget would be after selling this one, which isn't much by northeast real estate standards.

As Christian Wagley would explain, the city has great bones. Good sidewalks, walkable, community-oriented layout. [The Death and Life of Great American Cities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Death_and_Life_of_Great_American_Cities).

It has cold winters which we haven't missed, but it also has high ceilings a more expressive cycle of seasons and proximity to NYC. And Philly. And family. Anna, Sonja and Eli are in Philly.

Anna's husband is a military dude named Matt who drives a motorcycle and seems like a decent human being.

Camden is sure to become out of our current economic reach eventually. How long that eventuality will take remains to be seen.

We are mixing the recordings with Billy iLLy-B Martin, Emilio and Boo that Scott recorded at Storybook eight fucking years ago. A project that seemed to nearly end our marriage.

Life is a flash in the pan. A song less than a water drop.

Here's Rinah wearing a black ring in their septum.

Rivka is very happy Rinah is taking over some of the combing duties. "Now I just have to take up the vacuum duties and we won't have a flea problem."
