---
title: really?
date: 2024-06-01
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2024/06/01/really
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #dddd10;
  color: #444;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

From Honey's social media posts she feels that Israel is right and defense of Palestine is anti-semitic.

Denials of what we see as facts on the ground, thousands of pounds of billions of dollars of death landing in genocidal portions among children, old people, mothers, doctors.

If it's Hamas' fault, where is the footage of all the Palestinian people carrying their detached arms and dead babies and crying, "why Hamas? Why did you cause Israel and the US to do this to us?"

And on and on it goes, seemingly without pause or end. Massacre. Slaughter that pours hatred into the already bubbling cauldron of anti-Jewish conspiracy theory that haunts the ignorant fearful masses of so-called humanity.

Charlotte Crane has died. Left the body. She is no longer old. Diagnosed with lukemia about a month ago. She seemed to do a fantastic job of it. Check. I get to play the memorial service. They want a Johnny Cash song. And Halleluja by Leonard Cohen. And Amazing Grace and 'Tis a Gift to be Simple. A journalist by trade.

As long as the moon shall rise. <br>
As long as the rivers flow.<br>
As long as the sun will shine.<br>
As long as the grass shall grow.<br>

Honey's getting Alex a new piano. A bank owns her work week and it pays well. Good for you, dude. We fantasize that she's really a spy. Well, at least I do. What's the difference between a banker and a spy? Is it just a matter of who you tell and who knows who you tell and how private the information is? A Roland electric piano. He's been playing a hundred fifty dollar toy for the first five years of our work together. Should be a fantastic migration.

Hopefully no bombs will fall on it.
