
title: rapé
date: 20250625
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/06/25/rapé
categories:
     'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:

<style>
body {
  backgroundcolor: #abc;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Learning about this tool you blow through the nose into the brain in the form of powder.

One Light Tribe sent this along:

> The Kaxinawa (Huni Kuin) tribe make some of the strongest rape blends:

> Murici: This blend contains ashes of the Murici tree (Byrsonima crassifolia) and Amazonian tobacco. A medicinal plant, which is used in rapé to clear energies that accumulate in the lower abdomen. This blend of rapé has a powerful strength to it, giving a very sharp and extremely clearing vibration. Very calming after effects.

> Mulatiero: This blend is made with Mulateiro ash, Amazonian tobacco, and other sacred medicinal plants of the Amazon. This works on the for the upper chakras, therefore is recommended for spiritual works such as meditation, as it helps with concentration and mental calm. The initial sensation is strong with great energy, to change then to a subtle effect free of thoughts.

> Cumaru: This blend is made from the ash of the Cumaru tree (Dipteryx odorata), a wood that does not rot, and Amazonian tobacco. Cumaru ash adds strength to tobacco and is quite dry, making it very good for respiratory problems, but not so suitable for daily use. It is extremely grounding and has the ability to put the user into deep trancelike states. In some occasions can cause deep nausea and detoxification. Purging is possible. Its properties are of spiritual protection, and for this reason it is habitually used to fight the evil eye and other disturbances.

> Emburana (also called Imburana): this Rapé works moderately and delicate on the body and mind. Amburana cearensis, popularly known as Emburana, is native to Brazil.  It presents itself as a mediumsized tree, reaching about 10 m in length.  The bark of the trunk has a reddish tone and the flowers are white and well fragrant. One of the biggest benefits of Emburana is its efficiency in the treatment of respiratory diseases.  Asthma, bronchitis, colds and flu, coughs and lung infections. Good for meditation.

 > Samaúma: This is the ash of the ceiba tree, or the tree of life, known as Samaúma in Brazil, the spiritual father of the forest. Strong blend especially good for grounding and connecting to the ancestors.

> Shanenawa Caneleiro: This is a divine rapé from the Shanenawa tribe, made from sweet scented plants, and a milder and balanced tobacco. The Caneleiro is a plant often used to make tea for joints and pain, and those healing powers exist in the rapé as well. Traditionally, this blend helps people with arthritis and other joint pain, as it balances energy and makes room for expansion. 

> Yawanawá Tsunu has a typically uplifting and clearing frequency. It has strong feminine qualities and is ideal for balancing energies and finding deep grounding. This rapé awakens, clarifies and cleanses – it contains mainly Amazonian tobacco, ash from the sacred medicinal Tsunu tree (Platycyamus regnelli) and other secret ingredients. Subtly powerful and a favorite amongst regular users of traditional rapé blends, also a classic blend amongst many tribes. 

> Nukini Pitaíca:  a grounding and meditative rapé from the Nukini tribe. Pitaíca is herbal medicine, to protect against inflammation, type II diabetes, gastritis, hepatitis, malaria, bronchitis, fever, nephritis and poor digestion. It has a positive effect on the work of the uterus and ovaries.  This blend will open your sinuses and leave you with a clear, clean, calm feeling. This rapé is a great addition to any meditation practice you have, as it is incredibly grounding and centering. The women of this small tribe collect the plants and blend the rapés.

> Apurinã Verde: This is a very special highly vibrational blend containing a recipe secret to the tribe, the plants only grow part of the year so it can be rare to always find. It contains no tobacco, is feminine in spirit and prepared by the women of the tribe.

> _Please use with care. Intention and setting are very important in the administration of Rapé and one should take time and space to prepare for its effects. It is often used before and during ayahuasca ceremonies to bring clarity to the mind and help to open the 3rd eye. Creating a small ceremony or space and time of day to work with this medicine is recommended, whether you are selfadministering or receiving from someone, always consider it a ceremony. Haux Haux!_

[www.onelighttribe.com](www.onelighttribe.com)

There is also [this place, katukina](https://katukina.com), but Claudia Costa remains the goto expert.

Color of the day is Coquelicot, a red named for a poppy flower in France. <span style="color: #E25822">It looks like this.</span> <span style="background-color: #E25822">It looks like this.</span>
