---
title: well-fuck
date: 2025-03-23
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/03/23/well-fuck
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #abc;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

So the overlook where the trash shrine is one time recently there is this beautiful woman sitting there so that her profile initially and rotating toward her back as I continue along the track is visible. She's sitting on the dirt in the sun, wearing a yellow sun dress with her knees up and looking elated and content. She smiled at me and I probably waved or said hi but became anxious about maybe she's working and kept walking.

Met the shrine priest today on the tracks (after having taken some video Emilio had wondered if there was).

There was a guy who had wandered halfway down the hill yesterday and asked if I'd seen someone by a name that maybe started with C.

And he was walking a few feet behind this cat maybe a little older than me if even who has a little black pitty puppy.

Hey man are you the guy who walked in on me yesterday? Yes. Who built that shrine?

The first man says, "I did.".

The next few seconds are really fucking psychedelic even spiritual and confusing or perhaps just simple and obvious.

I practially laugh out the words, "That was Aaaaaamaaaazing, man".

Maybe the puppy started barking. Not sure, but as I am saying the words, "a great man did this the words I thought", the man immediately turns and kind of angrilly or gruffly continues down the track, I think saying, "Shut the fuck up, man." and "Go back home".

He's dragging the puppy and yanking at it so it was kind of ambiguous if he was talking to me or the puppy. I'm pretty stoned from the TCH so _maybe_ there was some imagination going on.

He definitely gave me a(nother) lesson in humility. Sure maybe he confused my enthusiasm as laughing at him or something, but really I was _not_ giving his work, _him_ the respect that someone who does _that_; of someone who creates a significant spiritual space out of discarded land and objects: it reminds me how fucking far I have to grow.

This arrogance that has haunted for well maybe accompanied is a better word.

Continuing East to his West as the episode completed, I yelled, "thank you."

And continue blessed by a dose of relieving humility.
