---
title: fry-day
date: 2025-02-21
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/02/21/fry-day
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #cc88cc;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>
Costa Rica yoga week to facilitate disecting his liver to extract anger: dad for ditching, step-dad for being a greedy fuck, mom for distributing her love too widely perhaps. Must be some anger too at his narcissistic best friend for being so selfish so often.

Selfishness of the artist a mitsva to make others feel better about the limited degree of their own selfishness.

She writes another letter to her estranged vagina. Looking for a mediator. Won't work. Can't.

Spoke with Karyn Kuhl today. She recently had a terminal prognosis and survived by a miracle. Released a [single](https://dromedaryrecords.bandcamp.com/album/i-feel-love) recently with Dromedary Records. Was fantastic to hear that magical voice and heart. Hoboken, aging, insecurity, guilt, fulfillment, Joe Brennan's yoga teachings that continue to inform and sustain us.

Spent two wasted hours on hold with Baptist Healthcare billing department today over two hours before hanging up in disgust tired of the one shit song and two or three promotional broadcasts a could-never-be-a-real-human-being performs: the stroke victims support group; some new nurse practitioner at the Navarre center; fuck you you fucking Baptist whatever the fuck that means. I'll give ya a fucking dip in the water. Baptized is not what you fucking strike me as.

But seriously thank you. We're all doing the best we can... maybe.

Elon Musk. There I said it. Donald Trump. Gaza. Totally unfettered late stage capitalism. Rivka listens to a thousand hours of political social and psychological discourse a day.

Reading with a Kindle with a Kindle with a Kindle and storing a collection of digital highlights might be really useful. More Amazon anything of course daunting.

This kid Ian contributed a thousand fucking dollars toward the adjuvant and prophelactic modalities for the next few weeks two or three months of cancer dancing. Embracing the edge of death Karyn and I agree is the approach. The proximity of the last breath.

Batá rhythms. Obanlá; Ya Topa; Iyacotá; Babalu Ayé; Teremina Minateri.

DRoPE!

next:

unsure. Head neck hurt. Oxys are scary and too fucking good strong string: out.

–out
