---
title: sleep
date: 2025-04-02
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/04/02/sleep
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #222;
  color: #ddd;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>


DR PATEL: So you had your chemotherapy last week. How was it? (Sounding halfway toward, So you 'ad yo keem oh tey-dah-pee lahst week. Hawh wahs eet?)

PATIENT: There were times when I considered homicide. My hands wanted to wring your neck by the arms refused to lift.

DR PATEL: Dat eez noh'mahl. (Sounding half way to, That is normal.)

Never enough sleep. Always time to eat. Time to get ready for bed. Rivka watches "bad TV". Churro is playing with a half-dead palmetto bug ("a roach", Ashirah announces).

UU gig is great. One chord arrangements everyone can play to. The congregation is the voice. Band is support. Choir the guides. Chants are great. Sing whatever part or sub-part you feel. Surrender the voice to the divine.

Simone Weil explains affliction: how to appreciate it for its own sake. Our power over God, she says.

Has there ever been a saint who was mentally healthy?

Helen Hudson says mental health, as explained to her by someone in her ministry studies, is knowing what you are doing and why.

Got the new replacement transmission in the Toyota. First gear shift still fucked up. Wondering if, if it needs to be swapped again, it could be with a manual transmission.

Time to Drink Peter Shark's prescription radiation-protection TCM tea. Penny and Peter's mom contributed a bunch of money to fund it. Yay for all these generous and less/not poor people.

Sister Platin round two day after tomorrow. Friday. Four more weeks of this. Hyperbaric oxygen has doubled in price. With the generous discount $210 per session times 40 sessions equals $8400.

The author Lynn Tillman is daughter of Jane Bowles. The two radiation techs who asked about the book had never heard of the Beat movement.
