---
title: exist
date: 2025-03-22
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/03/22/exist
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #bbbb00;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Or perhaps de-exist or un-exist. Etymologically the word "exist" apparently is to be placed outside of. So de-existence being placed back inside or replaced.

We re-exist round and round perhaps.

 - Food: just get through this meal so I can move on to an easier chore.
 - Sleep: yay dreams. boo insomnia.
 - Getting out of bed: fuck you.
 - Sex: what exactly _is_ hypersexuality?

Mental. Psychological. Got to be. It's your mind and you exchanging pussy-ass-tit-throat-shit glyphs. If it was just physical sexual energy well we wouldn't live in a rape culture.

Left neck has swollen a lot along the lymph chain. Can barely hear out of the left ear. Seemed to have been some blood along with the shit today.

Along the train tracks wandered of to a particular outlook over the old Bayou Tajar Quarry. The only people who would visit the area are fringers, freaks and tent-residents. Came across a beautiful shrine over the whole steep dirt hill which has been built out with old children's toys, a red microwave, a six inch antique (looking) clock set to 4:20, a buddha face vase, a four foot raggedy stuffed doll and numerous plastic christmas trees and flowers all artfully landscaped by some loving heart or hearts with super-market banners like tibetan prayer flags, chimes from limbs that look hard to reach.

The precarious path downward–leading to a beautiful little sand beach that reaches into the water just about boat landing wide with an old beach chair and a life size Boba Fette head (or mask) that looks like a large candle had burned at its top–is facilitate with whole and broken pieces of assorted stones and tiles.

Fire circles.

A landing halfway down the incline features a deep wicker bench. Someone carried a couple of dozen retaining wall stones down to one spot and built out a little platform.

Here's _from_ redevelopment.

Faith in the made-up sex orgies of Diane Di Prima: natural, casual, curious, fulfilling, unselfconscious, couragous. Brooklyn!!!! (Love you Rikki.)

Thank you thank you thank you community for support through the CAN, SIR trip a gain. Thanks CAN, SIR for your intense teachings motherfuckker.
