---
title: maharaj
date: 2025-02-10
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/02/10/maharaj
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #ddee00;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

Elaine recommended I get a free consultation with Dr. Maharaj who does stem cell transplant work down in the Orlando area near the big ayurvedic place, Hipocrates Institute.

He requests that you first have an in person visit for two tests. One is like $2300 and the other insurance _might_ pay for otherwise it's $4500. So much for free.

And old woman with skin the color molasses called out to me on a walk just now to alert me of free food options which she says will become particularly relevant if SNAP aka food stamp benefits are cut by the new Trump/Musk federal government.

Every second and fourth tuesday (or is it Wednesday), EPS Christian Center gives out bags. The good stuff. Laundry detergent.

On Wednesdays (or is it Tuesday) St. Vincent De Paul gives bags with bread, chicken thighs. Mostly from WalMart.

Brownsville Assembly of God does Wednesday food givaways as well at seven in the morning. Get there at five, she recommends. If you volunteer you get first in line.

They are doing a big food givaway this Saturday.

Tell the old folks down by you.

I'll aim to.

Perhaps los vecinos will be interested though most likely they already know.

St. Vincent De Paul will cover electric and water bills as well apparently.

Nice woman.

Made an appointment with the medical oncologist today so that chemotherapeutical options can be considered. The beginning of the end, or perhaps its continuation.

Kathy and Audre will I join you in the middle age cancer death club?

Let us work with the attitude of allowing my angel to guide me wherever God wants me to be. Sound like a plan?

Fo' sho'.
