---
title: ouch-owl
date: 2025-07-20
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/07/20/ouch-owl
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color:rgb(95, 154, 105);
  color: #242124;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

## &#78163;

Jeff's pickup was in front of the shop on way back from church. Stopped in to check on him.

They are going to double the dosage and frequency of his chemotherapy which is expected to double the side effects.

He's started writing as he describes it bad poetry: hope breeds expectation.

Wants to serve to provide for his family. His clients with the alien personalities of wealth they insist on deadlines for the renovated kitchen of a third home.

Wondered and shared with him maybe it's time to embrace a bit more laziness and self care.

Might look easy from the outside but being this selfish and lazy is hard. Or is it selfish and lazy.

At church Hollywood Edwarickdd Jones Jr. The Great brought a song in: Everything is love. Everything about Everything about you baby now.

That may not be hymn material.

The heading on her hand-written xeroxed page is Youth Adult Alchemy True Kingdom Musicians service Glockenspielist Beathers.

Not sure what beathers is. Beaters? Bathers?

They play on the street for Gallery Night but this past one the police were called and she/they/she was told a permit was required.

Hollywood later mentioned something about being e/convicted when they were living in Attucks Court. Good word e/convicted.

The (fantastic) book <u>How the Irish Invented Slang</u> by Daniel Cassidy–dispelling the copper button myth–says that "cop" comes from the Irish word "ceap" meaning to seize to stop to intercept to catch and also a protector a leader a chief.

### 𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀𓂀
