---
title: tasting
date: 2025-05-20
author: 'Mike iLL'
layout: post
permalink: /2025/05/20/tasting
categories:
    - 'Diaper Entries'
og_description:
og_keywords:
---
<style>
body {
  background-color: #aa9900;
  color: #210;
}
a {
  color: #f09;
}
a:active {
  color: #f09;
}
a:hover {
  color: #ff22ff;
}
a:visited {
  color: #f09;
}
</style>

#A90 aka #AA9900 is the color. One way to think of it is that yellow is the opposite of blue on the color wheel. So in the Red Green Blue spectrum, grab the opposite of Blue: Red + Green. So Red plus Green equals yellow. Fuckin' weird. Okay. Remember it works this way in light not pigment. With slightly higher hex value for red than blue, it is a yellow tending toward orange.

Incidentally orange as a named color in the English language, was a rather late invention, having derived from the Turkish (if I recall correctly) name for the citrus fruit which bears the color (and name). Naranja same as en español.

A couple of weeks post-chemo radiation food has evolved from tasting awful to just not good. The Mexican Gold hot cocao drink–cocao powder, turmeric, cayenne, egg and coconut milk–is enjoyable. Gets better by the day eating does.

Been chewing mastic and some sugarless Trident cinnimon gum from Mark Robinson, which having run out, may be paused or ceased. Ordered some of the handmade Greek mastic off Etsy.

Saul Williams mentioned some contemporary progressive artists he likes: Molly Crabapple and Warren Ellis. Been digging both and also Alan Moore who YouTube/Google suggested based on Warren Ellis search. Edgy futurist work. Perhaps a bit adolescent. Graphic novels. Along with Molly an activist journalist named Laurie Penny. They have a book together illustrated by Crabapple: Distopia. It's about Greece in 2011 facing extreme austerity, conservatism, insecurity, frustration and prostation.

Rinah has an early orthodist appointment: 8am so I could get back here to work which isn't happening anyway 'cause of hyperbaric oxygen, Ashirah's mid-afternoon vocal lesson and the weeks long pause of a primary web app project.

Tea.

WikiPedia says 

> Electronic paper or intelligent paper, is a display device that reflects ambient light, mimicking the appearance of ordinary ink on paper[1] – unlike conventional flat-panel displays which need additional energy to emit their own light. This may make them more comfortable to read, and provide a wider viewing angle than most light-emitting displays. The contrast ratio in electronic displays available as of 2008 approaches newspaper, and newly developed displays are slightly better.[2][needs update] An ideal e-paper display can be read in direct sunlight > without the image appearing to fade.

> Technologies include Gyricon, electrophoretics, electrowetting, interferometry, and plasmonics...

Kind of really digging this new Kobo read/writer which has super-facilitated dream journaling.
